README.md, before:

# NOTE: I have quit discord for ever, the bot will never update. If you wish to PR some changes, feel free.

# This project is officially marked as Abandoned. Please feel free to take control. PR anything and I'll make you maintainer.

# Feel free to use my IRC Bot, that I fully maintain: [ChewbotccaIRC](http://github.com/Chewsterchew/ChewbotccaIRC)

# And now for your regularly scheduled readme.

# Chewbotcca

![Discord](https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/200388197396512768/widget.png)

Chewbotcca is a discord bot written in discordrb.

The help server is available here: ![Discord](https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/200388197396512768/widget.png)

Command list can be found with `%^help`, use `%^info command` to find more info.

I will update this as we get along, but currently Chewbotcca is really lame. I'm learning though stay with me.

Add the bot to your server with: http://bit.ly/Chewbotcca

Check out the unofficial bots website page: https://bots.discord.pw/bots/200052560399171584

## Poorly Written Installation Guide

I'd rather you not run your own instance of Chewbotcca, just add the bot to your server, but if you insist...

Requirements: Git and Bundler Gem. This is not the install guide for either of these so google it yourself you lazy bum.

1) Get the files: `git clone https://github.com/Chewsterchew/Chewbotcca.git`

2) GO TO THE DIRECTORY: `cd Chewbotcca`

3) Install the gems: `bundle install`

4) Get your token, bot id, and your id and throw it into the config, also the OS.

5) Rename the config to config.yaml

6) `ruby chewbot.rb`

Or if you like that copy-paste thing:

```
git clone https://github.com/Chewsterchew/Chewbotcca.git
cd Chewbotcca
bundle install
```

(get the token and stuff)

```
ruby run.rb
```

Something didn't work? Cool beans.

Commit message:

update that readme a tad bit

README.md, after:

# AD TIME

Check out my IRC Bot: [ChewbotccaIRC](http://github.com/Chewbotcca/IRC)

# Chewbotcca

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Chewsterchew/Chewbotcca.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Chewsterchew/Chewbotcca)

![Discord](https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/134445052805120001/widget.png)

Chewbotcca is a discord bot written with discordrb.

The help server is available here: ![Discord](https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/134445052805120001/widget.png)

Command list can be found with `%^help`, use `%^info command` to find more info.

I will update this as we get along, but currently Chewbotcca is really lame. I'm learning though stay with me.

Add the bot to your server with: http://bit.ly/Chewbotcca

Check out the unofficial bots website page: https://bots.discord.pw/bots/200052560399171584

## Poorly Written Installation Guide

I'd rather you not run your own instance of Chewbotcca, just add the bot to your server, but if you insist...

Requirements: Git and Bundler Gem. This is not the install guide for either of these so google it yourself you lazy bum.

1) Get the files: `git clone https://github.com/Chewsterchew/Chewbotcca.git`

2) GO TO THE DIRECTORY: `cd Chewbotcca`

3) Install the gems: `bundle install`

4) Get your token, bot id, and your id and throw it into the config, also the OS.

5) Rename the config to config.yaml

6) `ruby chewbot.rb`

Or if you like that copy-paste thing:

```
git clone https://github.com/Chewsterchew/Chewbotcca.git
cd Chewbotcca
bundle install
```

(get the token and stuff)

```
ruby run.rb
```

Something didn't work? Cool beans.
